[Music]
before we begin let me start by saying
i am insanely biased towards this movie
you are about to witness the biggest
puff of smoke that has ever been blown
up a movie's ass
if you do not wish to witness this you
are more than welcome to take your
somewhere else well i'm sure your
opinion will still not be valued
the stars of our movie today are
dead jerky friend from e.t karate kid
billy from st almost five sam wait
i'm ashamed to say that i have not seen
any other matt dylan films
the jock from the breakfast club and
maverick let's just say no sexy mother
was left off the payroll
our story begins not when the original
movie did because we ain't about that
incomplete novel [ __ ]
we're going all the way little bits our
story begins with this fella ponyboy
curtis at the end of our story but
writing the beginning of our story to
recall everything that's about to happen
slash already has happened
and that story begins with pony who is a
paul greaser walking home from the
movies and being harassed by these
wealthy teenage apples called socials
and these khaki class ring wearing
[ __ ] who look like their names
are cody dylan tucker and
kyle jump our boy in his own
neighborhood no offense to any actual
persons named
any names i just said best thing about
being jumped in your neighborhood is
the neighborhood jump back bit that's
right run back to your care and mama's
[ __ ]
no offense to any mama's named karen
wish i had hot older brothers like dairy
and soda pop to beat the hell out of
people for me
no offense to any brothers named after a
soft drink then all had some classic
broke fella dialogue for a bit
you know hey just got out of jail the
other day and
we gonna find that guy to pick up your
face and take out his ass and
how about we sneak into a movie tomorrow
night and i might join you all at the
movie if i'm not too drunk
good times so the next day pony sneaks
into a movie with his buddies johnny and
dally where dally ends up hitting on
this wealthy redhead named cherry
and because the d in dallas stands for
delinquent he starts acting a fool to
get cherry's attention
and then make some rude joke about how
she must have bozo pubes
no he really do that chair gets all
pissed and then dalla gets all pissed
and then it's just pony and johnny
sitting and talking to these hotties
then that buddy two [ __ ] shows up with
his drunk then pony and cherry go to get
some snackies
they better be getting some damn
twizzlers and coca-cola then cherry talk
some [ __ ] about how
everybody's got it hot everywhere even
the socials because having mommy and
daddy fling money and cars at you before
you even have a job has not been easy
and pony just looks at her like the next
book he's gonna write will be titled
harry potter and the audacity of this
broad no offense to any women's named
broad no lord the spawns are carrying
her back
and they looking a little tipsy chair
heads back home with these [ __ ] bob
and randy
just went pony in the game we're getting
ready to break their foot off and i
can't get wearing ass
later that night pony and johnny head to
an empty lot where johnny says
there's got to be some place where it
don't matter if you're broke as hell or
richer than a cheesecake
a place where everyone likes you no
matter where you're from and you can
have it your way
then pony says they have that it's
called burger king
then they fall asleep and pony wakes up
knowing that they're gonna wear that
out for being out too late then a little
family argument and pony runs away from
home
so pony goes back to johnny and says
come on johnny we're going to burger
king
but there ain't no damn burger king and
they show don't let you smoke there
then guess who shows up oh yeah them
drunken
boys who took cherry home and apparently
they think that pony is a seahorse
and on a cold and gray oklahoma night a
shitty rich kid gets stabbed in a fight
in the ghetto
now bob is dead d-e-d dead
but apparently he ain't that dead
because he's still breathing sit
sit coppola is a great director but for
some reason he could never tell people
to hold their breath when they're
supposed to be deceased
now what the hell are these two poor
bastards gonna do now well when you
become a criminal the best person to ask
for advice is
another criminal so they go to ask dally
what to do
and he says all right you're gonna take
this piece
and this toe and hop on a train bound
for nowhere
then you're gonna walk for a couple
miles on foot after you in the country
you're gonna hide out in a church
after a few weeks when everything blows
over i'll come meet you there
and while you're there pray to god for
forgiveness for [ __ ] sake
after they get to the church they get a
whole bunch of snacks and playing cards
it's like a field trip but with homicide
involved and johnny buys pony a copy of
gone with the wind to help pass the time
well that would be the book for it i
started that book eight years ago and
still haven't finished it because i
don't read enough but that's beside the
point
one morning pony and johnny have this
deep conversation about
life and how they want to stay gold and
people always be saying stay
golden on the internets is stay gold
stay gold means like when life starts
it's like a cracked egg and the yolk
comes out all round and gold
then some come along and scramble yours
and fry you up and eat you for breakfast
so you should stay like the yolk all
gold and that's what they saying after a
few days dally comes to get them and
they all go to get some drive-in food
and of course it wouldn't be a coppola
movie without him fitting his
fam damily in it here's a sofia coppola
look at her just biting her time waiting
to be a grown
woman so she can pickle her cousin and
make one of my favorite trilogies suck
right at the tail end of it
while we're throwing out some trivia did
you know that ralph macchio was 42 in
this movie
no i'm just playing but if i hadn't said
something you wouldn't have known
a bit old as hell still look like he in
utero anywho they go back to the church
for some reason where a bunch of dumbest
kids started playing in it on this
particular day
right after johnny left a cigarette lit
in that flammable
but these are good to link with so they
going to save them it's okay
all these years of smoking of training
them for this moment and do any of the
kids get hurt
no but johnny does now johnny's in
critical condition
and ponies back home and the greasers
are getting ready to break their foot
off in a vastly jacket wearing ass
roses are red violets are blue
kickings hurt when daddy's money can't
save you
after the fight daley rushes pony to the
hospital because johnny is dying
and johnny tells pony to stay gold like
that egg yolk we talked about earlier
and then he goes on to the omelet in the
sky and as tough as dally is he's still
got a soft spot for his buddy
so he goes all crazy and gets himself in
trouble and he calls the boys to ask him
if they can hide
him now all joking aside i am a firm
believer that dalla did this because he
didn't want to live anymore and he
wanted his friends to be there when he
died
and i've read this book 12 times and
seen the movie over 100 times
i don't know the hell with the haters i
think it's beautiful but on the upside
ponies let off the hook for bob's murder
and left with his brothers
that's gotta count for something pony
finds a note from johnny that says
dear pony i'm glad i done did what i
done did and save them kids
and jeff was right life is like a new
golden yolk
tell dally life is worth living and that
there's a lot of good in the world and
since you know i wrote this while he was
still alive
i'm not crying you crying
and now we're back where our story
begins with this fellow ponyboy curtis
at the end of our story but right in the
beginning of our story to recall
everything that's about to happen slash
already has happened
which technically means you can watch
this movie on repeat and get stuck in a
perpetual outsider's timeline
and that is the coolest [ __ ] thing
about this movie
the end be sure to like share and
subscribe for your regular yoga meth
and a special thank you to all these
lovely patrons
m.i.e maria t michelle w
college donny b roscrees fat cat sylvia
kelly s
evil katrina a tina d bethany
c kyro s robert d david m christine k
o n m elena s chupacabra f
kelly l ptf j melanie m
anonymous bh allison l autumn m and
grady oh
i hope you all enjoyed this video it's
one of my favorite movies and i really
wanted to do it justice
for more is explained for i'm jeb
stay gold to die love you muffins